Update Recipes (#586)
SFDO-Tooling/Snowfakery: docs/index.md

Snowfakery can be extended with custom plugins and fake data providers as described in [Extending Snowfakery with Python Code](./extending.md).

### Update mode

> If your goal is to loop over every row of an input, update it, and then output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snowfakery has a special mode that lets you loop over every row of an input, update it, and then output
```

> the result, Snowfakery has a special mode for you to do that with minimal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the result with minimal
```

recipe code. For example, if you have a CSV of contacts, and you want to add
an address for every one, you do it like this:

```
# examples/updates/update_contacts.recipe.yml
- object: Contact
  fields:
    FirstName:
      fake: FirstName
    LastName:
      fake: LastName
    BillingStreet: ${{input.Number}} ${{input.Street}}
    BillingCity: ${{input.City}}
    BillingState: Texas
    BillingPostalCode: ${{input.Postcode}}
    BillingCountry: US
```

Given an input file like this:

```
Number,Street,City,Postcode
420,Kings Ave,Burnaby,85633
421,Granville Street,White Rock,85633
422,Kingsway Road,Richmond,85633
```

You can run:

```
$ snowfakery examples/updates/update_contacts.recipe.yml --update-input-file examples/datasets/addresses.csv --output-format csv
```

> This will generate output like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This generates output like this:
```

Snowfakery can be extended with custom plugins and fake data providers as described in [Extending Snowfakery with Python Code](./extending.md).

### Update mode

If your goal is to loop over every row of an input, update it, and then output

> the result, Snowfakery has a special mode for you that does that with minimal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the result, Snowfakery has a special mode for you to do that with minimal
```
